Update TPCH documentation to include schemas, table names, row counts (#24039)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/tpch.rst

identical in all schemas. Other tables vary based on the *scale factor*
which is determined based on the schema name. For example, the schema
``sf1`` corresponds to scale factor ``1`` and the schema ``sf300``
corresponds to scale factor ``300``. The scale factor represents the approximate size,
in bytes, of the entire set of tables when stored uncompressed. For example,
``sf1`` implies that writing all tables to disk uncompressed would require approximately 1GB.

> The TPCH connector provides an infinite number of schemas

Reviewer: This statement makes me wonder about how to generate data for any scale factor then. We should clarify that as well.

Author: @aditi-pandit That statement already exists in the documentation, I only added "which includes floating-point values", how would you suggest I clarify how to generate for any scale factor?

Reviewer: @emily-chan : We will have to figure how to do that. We can address it in a subsequent PR.

identical in all schemas. Other tables vary based on the *scale factor*
which is determined based on the schema name. For example, the schema
``sf1`` corresponds to scale factor ``1`` and the schema ``sf300``
corresponds to scale factor ``300``. Scale factor indicates the total bytes
used to represent the entire set of tables. For example, ``sf1`` means that
across approximately 10 tables that TPCH has, writing them all to disk uncompressed

> would consume approximately 1GB, ``sf100`` would be approximately 100GB, and so forth.

Reviewer 2: IMO, we can leave out the 2nd example just to be more concise. I don't think the extra example provides additional value.

```suggestion
would consume approximately 1GB.
```

> corresponds to scale factor ``300``. Scale factor indicates the total bytes
> used to represent the entire set of tables. For example, ``sf1`` means that
> across approximately 10 tables that TPCH has, writing them all to disk uncompressed
> would consume approximately 1GB, ``sf100`` would be approximately 100GB, and so forth.

Reviewer 3: A small suggestion to rephrase it something like this?
```suggestion
corresponds to scale factor ``300``. The scale factor represents the approximate size, in bytes, of the entire set of tables when stored uncompressed. For example, sf1 implies that writing all tables to disk uncompressed would require approximately 1GB.
```
